Welcome back. I'm Dr. Chaffetz. We're here live at The Return, a National Day of Prayer and Repentance on the Mall in Washington, D.C.
Just coming off the stage is a returning guest. We've had him on before. Bob Fu leads ChinaAid.org. Bob, welcome to the program. Thank you for having me.
Thank you for having me again.
So you just came off the stage at the return. What did you say and what was the emotion you're feeling right now?
I feel, uh...
Number one is a major spiritual warfare. Just actually a moment ago, my wife called me, said the Chinese Communist Party sent a message
Sandy's agents and thugs surrounded our house in West Texas, harassing my wife and children.
And this is certainly the epic center of the warfare here. I'm in the new, I'm here. And another emotion I felt really this morning.
If this nation has hope,
When the nation, you know, come together and repent and the revival will come, the hope will come and as I see, you know, the sea of people
temple of God, just kneeling down on a prey. And I just pray for, you know, the new revival in China after 17 years.
17 years of Chinese Communist Party and socialism, you know, communism, brutal persecution. And the Gaza church has never been destroyed.
So I pray for repentance of Chinese Communist Party leader Xi Jinping. I'm praying for the strength of Chinese present, imprisoned pastors.
and other human rights defenders.
And certainly I feel that one body of Christ
Here.
So let me just repeat this. This is breaking news. This should be national news.
Here is...
A man who has stood up for the persecuted Chinese church in communist China.
And those pastors are put in prison. So Bob Fu here leads China Aid.
To
Publish and publicize the persecution to send aid to those who need it.
And here he is, he lives in West Texas, but today he came to Washington, DC.
While he is in Washington, D.C., speaking at this event,
Chinese communists have surrounded his wife and family and his house in West Texas.
And they are harassing him there all the way from China. They went to his house to bother his wife.
while he is ministering and praying here in Washington DC. Have you heard from your wife and is she okay?
She's right now, thank God, it's okay. The local police responded quickly and our brothers and sisters or pastors, they all
All went there and they're still there.
So these kind of thugs, I mean, they're...
Most of them are illegal aliens. I mean talk about those Communist Party hired thugs. You know they are directly hired by the Chinese government.
Are they Asian or Hispanic? They're all Chinese.
Wow, yes.
So what are they doing in West Texas? This doesn't make sense. Why would they do this? Well, they just came to my home, you know, from out of town.
perhaps from Los Angeles, from somewhere else, because in the past few days they already beaten up.
some of the Chinese political dissidents.
beat them up in Los Angeles, in New York City. I mean, this is in...
in the United States so this these are gang members
They are in a sense. They are Communist Party hired gang members. Do you think this...
This crime that is happening in America against Chinese dissidents in America is sponsored in any way by the Chinese government? Absolutely. They're well funded and well-funded.
And well-funded, we already knew by their head who was a guy, a billionaire, Chinese Communist Party's billionaire in New York City.
Ready?
And he called for harassment and name all these different names my name was also on his list and in the past few days he released his video
and with violent basically in the kind of instructions and even with videos showing how his followers beaten up others and said
and said go to Bob Fu's house.
I can't understand this. Now,
Um...
If you were to say something Christian to them, Jesus told us,
Bless those who persecute you.
would you speak to them maybe even in the chinese language what would you want to say to those who.
I went to your house today. Yes, actually, even before we arrived, I kind of was notified by some friends, you know, directing that.
that social media Twitter video
by the instigator, the guy in New York.
And so I sent a message. I said, you know, West Texas tradition, you know, we love God. We love freedom.
We love our Second Amendments. And I said, when you come to my house or nearby my house, the first thing I would share the salvation
of Jesus Christ, the good news, the gospel. But if you continue not repent, or if you want to knock down our house, we have the second amendment.
To deal with you. So I said, we'll pray for them. So even right after my wife...
If you call me, I send a message, basically, I knew that evil guy is directing his troops, you know. I said, I put a Don 316 over there.
He said, you know, God loves this world. If you want to choose eternal life, you still have a chance, you know. And that's what we want to do.
want you to have and you found to perish, that's your choice.
I think...
And maybe all atheists are seeking help.
Some kind of peace inside of their heart.
And maybe they don't know Jesus.
and i wonder if you would speak to them in in the chinese language you can say anything. ah what would you say to them right now and who is jesus to you?
I would say that uh yes will uh runra any
The U.S. has been working with the U.S. for a long time. The U.S. has been working with the U.S. for a long time. The U.S. has been working with the U.S. for a long time.
In the past, there was a lot of talk about the development of the U.S. military. In the past, there was a lot of talk about the development of the U.S. military.
I am very happy to be able to speak with you today. I am very happy to be able to speak with you today.
And you want to show them love and not hatred they they have been
It's unkind to you, but you show them kindness and the love of Jesus Christ. Would you lead them maybe in a word of prayer? What is the salvation prayer in Chinese? Yeah, so 如果你不會做什麼是做什
If you want to accept Jesus Christ, you can do this prayer on the following meal in Chinese. 我們一週的是冰冰的是冰冰的耳裡, 我們耳裡,
I would like to thank the government for the support they have given us. I would like to thank the government for the support they have given us.
I am very happy to be able to speak with you today. I am very happy to be able to speak with you today. I am very happy to be able to speak with you today.
The government has been working hard to make sure that the people of the country are safe and healthy. The government has been working hard to make sure that the people of the country are safe and healthy.
I think it's a good idea to have a good relationship with the people of the country. I think it's a good idea to have a good relationship with the people of the country.
I am very happy to be able to speak with you today. I am very happy to be able to speak with you today.
I am very happy to be able to speak with you today. I am very happy to be able to speak with you today. I am very happy to be able to speak with you today.
I want to thank you for your support. I want to thank you for your support.
Amen okay may I say a prayer for you before we go
Father in heaven, we ask your blessing today on Bob Fu and on his wife and his family there in West Texas.
and on all of the persecuted Chinese dissidents.
Which are even being
We've persecuted here in America.
much less over in China. Father, we pray for those pastors in China.
Who are persecuted by their own government.
that the Communist government of China will
Soften their stance that they will have mercy and even show repentance toward those who
who need religious freedom, the freedom to worship Jesus Christ in Chinese and English. Father, we pray for liberty.
And stop the persecution.
we even bless our enemies they curse us but we show blessing to them and they hate us but we show love to them and we ask your blessing now on bob foo and the work of china.
China aid in Jesus name.
Alright, what is your website? Thank you, it's ChinaAid.org.
And if people donate, where does the money go?
Yeah, it will go to over the exposing the persecution and encouraging those who are persecuted or family prisoners and those
Those who need people to call it training, that's what we have been doing. You also wrote a book, what's it called? My book is called God's
God's double agent.
That's my the title god's double agent i'm standing next to James Bond for jesus right here Bob Bob Fu uh our website is pray in jesus name
JesusName.org. Please donate when you visit. If you need prayer today, call us at 866-HOBEY-GOD. 866
We'll see you next time.
If Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the air, would you please send your best financial donation today? Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online, or you can mail a check to PrayInJesus.org.
To pray in Jesus Name Ministries, Post Office Box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970. You can also call us toll free right now, 866-085-3333.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org. Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org. Thank you.